[SDK-4491] GIF Support on React Native (#7199)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/react_native/content_cards.md

For a full reference of the classic (text announcement) Content Card, see the [Android][14] and [iOS][15] documentation. For a full reference of the classic image (short news) card, see the [Android][16] and [iOS][17] documentation.

## GIF Support

The Braze React Native SDK allows you to incorporate animated GIFs into your Content Cards, with distinct implementation methods for Android and iOS platforms.

{% tabs %}

> {% tab Android %}

Author: The Jira story that this links to just specifies documentation for iOS, but I figured it would be good to add both iOS and Android.

> The Android SDK requires an external image library to display animated GIFs with Content Cards. For more details, refer to the guide for [GIFs](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/content_cards/GIFs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Android SDK requires an external image library to display animated GIFs with Content Cards. For more details, refer to the guide for [GIFs]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/content_cards/GIFs/).
```
